1. Microsoft Visual Studio
Microsoft Visual Studio offers a multitude of editions for developing, 
testing, and deploying applications for the web, desktop, mobile, and even 
game consoles. With a plethora of testing and compatibility tools, you can test on 
virtual machines, tap into the functionality of BrowserStack to see what your app looks 
like across more than 300 browsers, run compatibility reports to identify patterns and 
issues between browsers and so much more.

2.Code::Blocks
Code::Blocks, an extensible and fully configurable IDE designed to support its 
users most demanding needs, supports C, C++ and Fortran. It provides a consistent look, 
feel and operation across all platforms for seamless transitions between work spaces, 
and it’s built around a plug-in framework, providing a multitude of options for extension.
It’s open-source and offers cross-platform functionality with no hidden costs.

3.Eclipse
Many development frameworks are built on Eclipse, a free, open-source editor that was 
initially a Java environment but a variety of plug-ins have extended its capabilities 
considerably. The Eclipse Standard 4.3.2 version, for instance, includes the Eclipse 
Platform along with the tools required to debug it, plus Java and Plugin Development 
Tooling and Git and CVS support. If your requirements are different, you can choose 
from a variety of Eclipse Package Solutions, including tools for Java developers, Scout 
Developers, RCP and RAP Developers and more.

4.NetBeans
An intuitive, drag-and-drop interface with project templates, binary and static 
libraries, and many useful functions to make your life simpler, NetBeans is a popular 
IDE for C and C++ projects. It also supports Fortan and Assembler files, with GNU 
Debugger Integration and code assistance, NetBeans is a functional IDE for editing 
existing projects, building on templates or building from scratch on most leading 
platforms. There are also multiple NetBeans Enterprise IDE Download Bundles with options 
that support several additional technologies, including Java, PHP, HTML5 and more.

5.Cloud9 IDE
A powerful, flexible IDE, Cloud 9 allows you to collaborate publicly or privately in 
workspaces. Write, run and debug code from the cloud, working with team members remotely 
and in real-time, with group editing and chatting capabilities for seamless communication 
and more effective collaboration. You can take your apps all the way to completion with 
deployment options including Heroku, Cloud Foundry and Windows Azure.